When government, military, or commercial agencies wish to make a major purchase, they first issue a Request for Proposal (RFP) which lists a number of requirements that must be met by a successful proposal. Competing suppliers issue Proposals, indicating which of the requirements are met, and a price that will be charged should the proposal be accepted by the agency issuing the RFP.

Because the agencies are staffed by bureaucrats and are accountable to other agencies staffed by bureaucrats, it is necessary to remove all human judgement from the selection process. To this end, those evaluating the proposals are given feature sheets, which have one column for each requirement and and additional column for price, and one row for each Proposal. The evaluator reads each proposal and identifies each requirement that is met; for each such requirement a check mark is placed in the corresponding row (for the Proposal) and column (for the requirement). After all proposals have been evaluated, the number of check marks in each row is added. Any proposal that has the same number of check marks as the number of requirements is said to be compliant; otherwise the proposal is said to be partially compliant. Many agencies award the contract to the lowest compliant proposal; that is the compliant proposal with the lowest price.

Your job is to select the Proposal with the highest compliance; if several proposals have the same compliance you are to select from these proposals the one with the lowest price. If several proposals have the same compliance and price you are to select the first one in the input.
